Boss Tang, welcome to Su's Group
Your arrival
It really makes Su's Group shine
What!
Hello uncle tang
My name is Zhang Tianhao
Does Zhang Lin's son not know you?
Ah.
Baicaotang
Zhang Lin's son
What is Baicaotang?
What is Zhang Lin?
scram
Boss Su
What Tang Long hates most is corruption and bribery
After thinking about martial arts
Don't do these shady actions
Kexin
We Wancheng Group invite tenders from the society
But I want to find true strength and potential
Power Company
Collaborate
Let's build one together
International business center
Miss Su Wanqiu
Very good, he showed me his seriousness.
His efforts
His talent
His strength
So I'm still willing to talk to Miss Su Wanqiu
Signed the occupancy agreement
But I've heard that there's been people in this room who reverse black and white.
Want to snatch the credit of Miss Su Wanqiu
What a dare